Changes required in sumo logic integration doc of circle ci for modif… (#9330)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/sumo-logic-integration.adoc

Now that you have set up collection, install the Sumo Logic App for CircleCI to use pre-configured searches and dashboards that provide insight into your CI/CD pipeline.

. Select *App Catalog*.
. In the *Search Apps* field, run a search for your desired app, then select it.
. Select *Install App*.
. Select *Next* in the *Setup Data* section.
. In the *Configure* section of your respective app, complete the following fields.

>     .. *Field Name*. If you already have collectors and sources setup, select the configured metadata field name (for example _sourceCategory) or specify other custom metadata (for example : _collector) along with its metadata *Field Value* .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. *Field Name*. If you already have collectors and sources set up, select the configured metadata field name (for example, `_sourceCategory`) or specify other custom metadata (for example, `_collector`) along with its metadata *Field Value*.
```

Reviewer: We can make them literal text like this, or if that seems wrong I can add these terms to our accept list for the linter :-D

Reviewer: @sumoanema ^^ Thanks for your update!
